Add sdk-workflow Copilot skill and update dev-tool README (#37936)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: common/tools/dev-tool/README.md

  - `update-snippets`	find README and TSDoc snippets throughout the package and update their contents.
  - `build-package`	build a package for production
  - `vendored` run dev-tool's dependency commands
- `migrate` manage and run code migrations
- `customization` applies customizations to the SDK
  - `init` sets up a package for customization by copying src/ to generated/
  - `apply` applies existing customizations to new generated code

> The `dev-tool about` command will print some information about how to use the command. All commands additionally accept the `--help` argument, which will print information about the usage of that specific command. For example, to show help information for the `resolve` command above, issue the command `dev-tool package resolve --help`.

Reviewer: let's use a real command
```suggestion
specific command. For example, to show help information for the `run` command above, issue the command `npx dev-tool package run --help`.
```
